there's not really anything funny about
pizza rolls
kind of sad bow to me once you get rid
of the sour cream it's not sad anymore
hello and welcome to watch me heat show
about eating
I'm your host today we have a show about
who's ever idea this was
they're not even nuggets it's like a
little tiny pouch at a baby
prematurely remember to at least look at
the serving size when you buy food
I mean you should you should know you
know how much they expect you to eat
every little one
each goddamn one is its own little
travesty ah now it's just each one of
them looks like a little accident
whose idea was this I mean I get the
rolling up pizza up into a pouch thing
sure comes out and pizza puffs or
whatever
come on it this is too efficient they
taste like you were trying to feed pizza
to robots and then they still make it
taste like cheap frozen pizza they are
excited the dough pisses me off
feels like they took one long strip put
meat on it put a piece of cheese on it
I think another lot of strip we just cut
it off every inch and a half to
efficient other cultures have dumplings
this is a distraction this isn't food
there's a terrible idea
I'm feeding myself organic sour cream
and I'm using Pizza rules to scoop it up
the room dude you cook them so they cook
fast too
they've been there too long it's just a
bunch of corpses well stake out well I
guess on a fundamental level if I had a
problem with this it would be that we
part of like a million years in as far
as technological progress here and what
we've done after millions of years of
starving and just breaking your back for
your food we've ruined it
or ruined them the part after that I
will say one thing though they're
reliable but this this thing has
changed one bit since nineteen whatever
the IND whatever I don't I don't know
just duck damn if it ain't reliable if
it's a little bit too reliable you can
take a whole bunch of sour cream put it
in a teacup makes it gonna have smooth
like the pizza roads we had in high
school
if you have a really bad idea one day
all you gonna do is put a bunch of sour
cream in the tea cup you've got a
solution
the horror a good way of steeping these
things off
sour cream tends to help it's one of the
only foods that actually is wounded as
you cook it mm-hmm Oh Oh be sure to go
out then a genuine pizza rolls basically
if you buy generic pizza rolls you are
putting yourself at a pretty severe risk
for cardboard poisoning I'm if you get
enough cardboard poisoning up in there
you're pretty much doing yourself to get
cardboard cancer genuine authentic 100%
genuine pizza rolls direct from Totino's
the finest and corporate snacking
except no substitute how many parent
companies do you have now I mean I don't
mean to sound incredibly cliche but what
are we feeding ourselves right afterward
I can go out and fly around in a car but
we didn't get that future anyway those
are exciting and eventful show about
pizza rolls
check your local listings to find out
when future rolls will make an
appearance near you that's not funny
today we have a show about pizza rolls
damn it
okay